---
title: TIL-191023
categories:
  - Learn Log
date: 2019-10-25 11:14:39
tags:
---


### <span style="color:royalblue"> Today I Learned

Summary

- [Javascript : Array iterator type](#JavaScript)
- [DS & Algo : Array ](#DS-amp-Algo)
- [React : Redux - Reducer](#React)

<!-- more -->

#### JavaScript

- `.map()` **returns a new Array of objects** created by taking some action on the original item.

- `.every()` **returns a boolean** - true if every element in this array satisfies the provided testing function. An important difference with `.every()` is that the test function may not always be called for every element in the array. Once the testing function returns false for any element, no more array elements are iterated. Therefore, the testing function should usually have no [side effects](https://softwareengineering.stackexchange.com/a/40314/13820).

- `.forEach()` **returns nothing** - It iterates the Array performing a given action for each item in the Array.

([https://stackoverflow.com/questions/7340893/what-is-the-difference-between-map-every-and-foreach](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/7340893/what-is-the-difference-between-map-every-and-foreach))

#### DS & Algo

- Pascal Triangle - Question involving 2 for-loops but I tried to solve through recursive approach first. Took more than necessary without getting it right. Correct approach should be to try brute force method and then try to optimise code.

#### React

- Redux - Rule of Reducer

  1. Must return any value except undefined (1st time called)
  2. 2nd time onwards, it takes in previous state and action as argument
  3. Reducers are pure (no API calls etc)
  4. Must not mutate input state

     - To manipulate input state, new array or object have to be create.

     eg. `[...arr, newElem]` instead of `arr.push(newElem)`

- Composing Reducer - use switch instead of ifelse

#### Project

- Use `cross-env` library to execute bash commands like NODE_ENV=XXXX in Windows env
