---
title: TIL-191003
categories:
  - Learn Log
date: 2019-10-03 13:00:01
tags:
  - Axios
  - DOM Javascripts
---

### <span style="color:royalblue"> Today I Learned

<!-- more -->

Finished Creating ToDo using Axios & DOM JavaScript

- Why Use Axios & DOM JavaScript?
  - Using NodeJS & ejs required continuous redirecting and refreshing web pages to update data. It is therefore considered relatively slower.
  - By using DOM JavaScript and Axios, it makes use of Axios to call RESTful API from Node server to update data frontend on DOM without a need to refresh web pages. DOM JS function calls can be called to call updated data.
- How Does It Work?
  1. Call `fetchTask` to GET ToDo tasks and call `appendDOM`.
  2. Every time `appendDOM` is called, it resets the table & add rows using data called from `fetchTask` by calling `createTable`.
  3. `createTable` adds checkbox in the 1st cell, task title in the 2nd cell and delete button in the 3rd cell.
  4. Checkbox onclick calls `updateTask` function that in turn PUT ToDo tasks by calling RESTful API and updating `is_done` as `true` or `false` respectively
  5. Delete button calls `deleteTask` function that DELETE ToDo tasks.
  6. To add new tasks, form is submitted and the data is passed over to `createTask` function. _Note: form to be reset after submission_
  7. `createTask` POST new tasks into the RESTful API.
     _Note: Everytime there is an update in the state of the tasks data, `fetchTask`is called to keep the tasks data updated_
