---
title: TIL-191022
categories:
  - Learn Log
date: 2019-10-25 11:14:28
tags:
---


### <span style="color:royalblue"> Today I Learned

Summary

- [Javascript : Map vs Object](#JavaScript)
- [DS & Algo : Array & String ](#DS-amp-Algo)
- [React : Redux : redux-thunk](#React)

<!-- more -->

#### JavaScript

- Map vs Object:
- Key field: in Object, it follows the rule of normal dictionary. The keys MUST be simple types — either integer or string or symbols. Nothing more. But in Map it can be any data type (an object, an array, etc…).
- Element order: in Map, original order of elements (pairs) is preserved, while in Object, it isn’t.
- Inheritance: Map is an instance of Object (surprise surprise!), but Object is definitely not an instance of Map.
- How to construct
  - Object: direct literal | constructor | Object.prototype.create
  - Map: only 1 way - built-in constructor `new Map()`

#### DS & Algo

- Reverse String
  - Attempted in both Leetcode & fCC. In fCC, confusion came as for loop required declaration of i (`let i`). In Leetcode, solved without using extra space by manipulating the sequence through `temp`. `temp` serve as buffer that element getting replaced is stored temporarily before getting placed at the back. It is required to avoid the mutation within the array in for loop.
- Intersection of two arrays II
  - Used ‘Map’ to solve the problem. Question differed from version I in a sense that elements in result array were to include repeated ones. eg. Given `[2,2]` and `[1,2,2,1]`, answer was `[2,2]`. At first attempted with mapified object, by creating key-value pair with key as number and value as frequency. And then, use another for loop to run through the other array - if object has number key and freq > 0, insert into array and decrease frequency.
  - Realised in javascript, there is Map data type which is subset of Object. It is easier in terms of syntax to find (boolean) and get (value) of the key-value pair as compared to Object.

#### React

- Use of redux-thunk. Redux-thunk is required to process async function calls in the redux app. Since action can only store plain javascript object as payload, asynchronous function that gets callback later can not be included in the payload. Redux-thunk allows ??

---

[Reference](https://medium.com/front-end-weekly/es6-map-vs-object-what-and-when-b80621932373)
